README.md, before:

# Google Weather Icons
A collection of the official weather icons used by Google.

## v1
### Day
[<img src="v1/sunny.png" width="64"/>](v1/sunny.png)
[<img src="v1/sunny_s_cloudy.png" width="64"/>](v1/sunny_s_cloudy.png)
[<img src="v1/partly_cloudy.png" width="64"/>](v1/partly_cloudy.png)
[<img src="v1/cloudy_s_sunny.png" width="64"/>](v1/cloudy_s_sunny.png)
[<img src="v1/rain_s_sunny.png" width="64"/>](v1/rain_s_sunny.png)
[<img src="v1/sunny_s_rain.png" width="64"/>](v1/sunny_s_rain.png)
### General
[<img src="v1/cloudy.png" width="64"/>](v1/cloudy.png)
[<img src="v1/rain_light.png" width="64"/>](v1/rain_light.png)
[<img src="v1/rain.png" width="64"/>](v1/rain.png)
[<img src="v1/rain_heavy.png" width="64"/>](v1/rain_heavy.png)
[<img src="v1/rain_s_cloudy.png" width="64"/>](v1/rain_s_cloudy.png)
[<img src="v1/cloudy_s_rain.png" width="64"/>](v1/cloudy_s_rain.png)
[<img src="v1/thunderstorms.png" width="64"/>](v1/thunderstorms.png)
[<img src="v1/snow_light.png" width="64"/>](v1/snow_light.png)
[<img src="v1/snow.png" width="64"/>](v1/snow.png)
[<img src="v1/snow_heavy.png" width="64"/>](v1/snow_heavy.png)
[<img src="v1/snow_s_cloudy.png" width="64"/>](v1/snow_s_cloudy.png)
[<img src="v1/cloudy_s_snow.png" width="64"/>](v1/cloudy_s_snow.png)
[<img src="v1/rain_s_snow.png" width="64"/>](v1/rain_s_snow.png)
[<img src="v1/snow_s_rain.png" width="64"/>](v1/snow_s_rain.png)
[<img src="v1/fog.png" width="64"/>](v1/fog.png)

## v2

## v3
### Day
[<img src="v3/clear_day.svg" width="64"/>](v3/clear_day.svg)
[<img src="v3/mostly_clear_day.svg" width="64"/>](v3/mostly_clear_day.svg)
[<img src="v3/partly_cloudy_day.svg" width="64"/>](v3/partly_cloudy_day.svg)
[<img src="v3/mostly_cloudy_day.svg" width="64"/>](v3/mostly_cloudy_day.svg)
[<img src="v3/scattered_snow_showers_day.svg" width="64"/>](v3/scattered_snow_showers_day.svg)
[<img src="v3/scattered_showers_day.svg" width="64"/>](v3/scattered_showers_day.svg)
[<img src="v3/isolated_scattered_thunderstorms_day.svg" width="64"/>](v3/isolated_scattered_thunderstorms_day.svg)
[<img src="v3/very_hot.svg" width="64"/>](v3/very_hot.svg)
### Night
[<img src="v3/clear_night.svg" width="64"/>](v3/clear_night.svg)
[<img src="v3/mostly_clear_night.svg" width="64"/>](v3/mostly_clear_night.svg)
[<img src="v3/partly_cloudy_night.svg" width="64"/>](v3/partly_cloudy_night.svg)
[<img src="v3/mostly_cloudy_night.svg" width="64"/>](v3/mostly_cloudy_night.svg)
[<img src="v3/scattered_snow_showers_night.svg" width="64"/>](v3/scattered_snow_showers_night.svg)
[<img src="v3/scattered_showers_night.svg" width="64"/>](v3/scattered_showers_night.svg)
[<img src="v3/isolated_scattered_thunderstorms_night.svg" width="64"/>](v3/isolated_scattered_thunderstorms_night.svg)
### General
[<img src="v3/cloudy.svg" width="64"/>](v3/cloudy.svg)
[<img src="v3/drizzle.svg" width="64"/>](v3/drizzle.svg)
[<img src="v3/showers_rain.svg" width="64"/>](v3/showers_rain.svg)
[<img src="v3/heavy_rain.svg" width="64"/>](v3/heavy_rain.svg)
[<img src="v3/flurries.svg" width="64"/>](v3/flurries.svg)
[<img src="v3/showers_snow.svg" width="64"/>](v3/showers_snow.svg)
[<img src="v3/heavy_snow.svg" width="64"/>](v3/heavy_snow.svg)
[<img src="v3/mixed_rain_snow.svg" width="64"/>](v3/mixed_rain_snow.svg)
[<img src="v3/mixed_rain_hail_sleet.svg" width="64"/>](v3/mixed_rain_hail_sleet.svg)
[<img src="v3/sleet_hail.svg" width="64"/>](v3/sleet_hail.svg)
[<img src="v3/strong_thunderstorms.svg" width="64"/>](v3/strong_thunderstorms.svg)
[<img src="v3/isolated_thunderstorms.svg" width="64"/>](v3/isolated_thunderstorms.svg)
[<img src="v3/icy.svg" width="64"/>](v3/icy.svg)
[<img src="v3/tropical_storm_hurricane.svg" width="64"/>](v3/tropical_storm_hurricane.svg)
[<img src="v3/haze_fog_dust_smoke.svg" width="64"/>](v3/haze_fog_dust_smoke.svg)
[<img src="v3/windy.svg" width="64"/>](v3/windy.svg)
[<img src="v3/blowing_snow.svg" width="64"/>](v3/blowing_snow.svg)
[<img src="v3/blizzard.svg" alt="drawing" width="64"/>](v3/blizzard.svg)
[<img src="v3/tornado.svg" width="64"/>](v3/tornado.svg)
[<img src="v3/very_cold.svg" width="64"/>](v3/very_cold.svg)

Commit message:

Added v2 icons and updated README

README.md, after:

# Google Weather Icons
A collection of the official weather icons used by Google.

**Disclaimer**: I do not own these icons. All rights belong to Google.

## v1
### Day
[<img src="v1/sunny.png" width="64"/>](v1/sunny.png)
[<img src="v1/sunny_s_cloudy.png" width="64"/>](v1/sunny_s_cloudy.png)
[<img src="v1/partly_cloudy.png" width="64"/>](v1/partly_cloudy.png)
[<img src="v1/cloudy_s_sunny.png" width="64"/>](v1/cloudy_s_sunny.png)
[<img src="v1/rain_s_sunny.png" width="64"/>](v1/rain_s_sunny.png)
[<img src="v1/sunny_s_rain.png" width="64"/>](v1/sunny_s_rain.png)
### General
[<img src="v1/cloudy.png" width="64"/>](v1/cloudy.png)
[<img src="v1/rain_light.png" width="64"/>](v1/rain_light.png)
[<img src="v1/rain.png" width="64"/>](v1/rain.png)
[<img src="v1/rain_heavy.png" width="64"/>](v1/rain_heavy.png)
[<img src="v1/rain_s_cloudy.png" width="64"/>](v1/rain_s_cloudy.png)
[<img src="v1/cloudy_s_rain.png" width="64"/>](v1/cloudy_s_rain.png)
[<img src="v1/thunderstorms.png" width="64"/>](v1/thunderstorms.png)
[<img src="v1/snow_light.png" width="64"/>](v1/snow_light.png)
[<img src="v1/snow.png" width="64"/>](v1/snow.png)
[<img src="v1/snow_heavy.png" width="64"/>](v1/snow_heavy.png)
[<img src="v1/snow_s_cloudy.png" width="64"/>](v1/snow_s_cloudy.png)
[<img src="v1/cloudy_s_snow.png" width="64"/>](v1/cloudy_s_snow.png)
[<img src="v1/rain_s_snow.png" width="64"/>](v1/rain_s_snow.png)
[<img src="v1/snow_s_rain.png" width="64"/>](v1/snow_s_rain.png)
[<img src="v1/fog.png" width="64"/>](v1/fog.png)

## v2
[<img src="v2/sunny.png" width="64"/>](v2/sunny.png)
[<img src="v2/mostly_sunny.png" width="64"/>](v2/mostly_sunny.png)
[<img src="v2/partly_cloudy.png" width="64"/>](v2/partly_cloudy.png)
[<img src="v2/mostly_cloudy_day.png" width="64"/>](v2/mostly_cloudy_day.png)
[<img src="v2/scattered_showers_day.png" width="64"/>](v2/scattered_showers_day.png)
[<img src="v2/isolated_scattered_tstorms_day.png" width="64"/>](v2/isolated_scattered_tstorms_day.png)

[<img src="v2/clear_night.png" width="64"/>](v2/clear_night.png)
[<img src="v2/isolated_scattered_tstorms_night.png" width="64"/>](v2/isolated_scattered_tstorms_night.png)
[<img src="v2/mostly_clear_night.png" width="64"/>](v2/mostly_clear_night.png)
[<img src="v2/mostly_cloudy_night.png" width="64"/>](v2/mostly_cloudy_night.png)
[<img src="v2/partly_cloudy_night.png" width="64"/>](v2/partly_cloudy_night.png)
[<img src="v2/scattered_showers_night.png" width="64"/>](v2/scattered_showers_night.png)

[<img src="v2/cloudy.png" width="64"/>](v2/cloudy.png)
[<img src="v2/drizzle.png" width="64"/>](v2/drizzle.png)
[<img src="v2/showers_rain.png" width="64"/>](v2/showers_rain.png)
[<img src="v2/heavy_rain.png" width="64"/>](v2/heavy_rain.png)
[<img src="v2/flurries.png" width="64"/>](v2/flurries.png)
[<img src="v2/snow_showers_snow.png" width="64"/>](v2/snow_showers_snow.png)
[<img src="v2/heavy_snow.png" width="64"/>](v2/heavy_snow.png)
[<img src="v2/wintry_mix_rain_snow.png" width="64"/>](v2/wintry_mix_rain_snow.png)
[<img src="v2/sleet_hail.png" width="64"/>](v2/sleet_hail.png)
[<img src="v2/strong_tstorms.png" width="64"/>](v2/strong_tstorms.png)
[<img src="v2/haze_fog_dust_smoke.png" width="64"/>](v2/haze_fog_dust_smoke.png)
[<img src="v2/blowing_snow.png" width="64"/>](v2/blowing_snow.png)
[<img src="v2/blizzard.png" width="64"/>](v2/blizzard.png)
[<img src="v2/tornado.png" width="64"/>](v2/tornado.png)

## v3
### Day
[<img src="v3/clear_day.svg" width="64"/>](v3/clear_day.svg)
[<img src="v3/mostly_clear_day.svg" width="64"/>](v3/mostly_clear_day.svg)
[<img src="v3/partly_cloudy_day.svg" width="64"/>](v3/partly_cloudy_day.svg)
[<img src="v3/mostly_cloudy_day.svg" width="64"/>](v3/mostly_cloudy_day.svg)
[<img src="v3/scattered_snow_showers_day.svg" width="64"/>](v3/scattered_snow_showers_day.svg)
[<img src="v3/scattered_showers_day.svg" width="64"/>](v3/scattered_showers_day.svg)
[<img src="v3/isolated_scattered_thunderstorms_day.svg" width="64"/>](v3/isolated_scattered_thunderstorms_day.svg)
[<img src="v3/very_hot.svg" width="64"/>](v3/very_hot.svg)
### Night
[<img src="v3/clear_night.svg" width="64"/>](v3/clear_night.svg)
[<img src="v3/mostly_clear_night.svg" width="64"/>](v3/mostly_clear_night.svg)
[<img src="v3/partly_cloudy_night.svg" width="64"/>](v3/partly_cloudy_night.svg)
[<img src="v3/mostly_cloudy_night.svg" width="64"/>](v3/mostly_cloudy_night.svg)
[<img src="v3/scattered_snow_showers_night.svg" width="64"/>](v3/scattered_snow_showers_night.svg)
[<img src="v3/scattered_showers_night.svg" width="64"/>](v3/scattered_showers_night.svg)
[<img src="v3/isolated_scattered_thunderstorms_night.svg" width="64"/>](v3/isolated_scattered_thunderstorms_night.svg)
### General
[<img src="v3/cloudy.svg" width="64"/>](v3/cloudy.svg)
[<img src="v3/drizzle.svg" width="64"/>](v3/drizzle.svg)
[<img src="v3/showers_rain.svg" width="64"/>](v3/showers_rain.svg)
[<img src="v3/heavy_rain.svg" width="64"/>](v3/heavy_rain.svg)
[<img src="v3/flurries.svg" width="64"/>](v3/flurries.svg)
[<img src="v3/showers_snow.svg" width="64"/>](v3/showers_snow.svg)
[<img src="v3/heavy_snow.svg" width="64"/>](v3/heavy_snow.svg)
[<img src="v3/mixed_rain_snow.svg" width="64"/>](v3/mixed_rain_snow.svg)
[<img src="v3/mixed_rain_hail_sleet.svg" width="64"/>](v3/mixed_rain_hail_sleet.svg)
[<img src="v3/sleet_hail.svg" width="64"/>](v3/sleet_hail.svg)
[<img src="v3/strong_thunderstorms.svg" width="64"/>](v3/strong_thunderstorms.svg)
[<img src="v3/isolated_thunderstorms.svg" width="64"/>](v3/isolated_thunderstorms.svg)
[<img src="v3/icy.svg" width="64"/>](v3/icy.svg)
[<img src="v3/tropical_storm_hurricane.svg" width="64"/>](v3/tropical_storm_hurricane.svg)
[<img src="v3/haze_fog_dust_smoke.svg" width="64"/>](v3/haze_fog_dust_smoke.svg)
[<img src="v3/windy.svg" width="64"/>](v3/windy.svg)
[<img src="v3/blowing_snow.svg" width="64"/>](v3/blowing_snow.svg)
[<img src="v3/blizzard.svg" alt="drawing" width="64"/>](v3/blizzard.svg)
[<img src="v3/tornado.svg" width="64"/>](v3/tornado.svg)
[<img src="v3/very_cold.svg" width="64"/>](v3/very_cold.svg)
